Add ClickHouse 26.3 LTS metrics (#24666)
DataDog/integrations-core: clickhouse/AGENTS.md

warning lives here. Any hand-edit is overwritten on the next run of:

```shell
cd clickhouse && VERSIONS=24.8,25.3,25.8,26.3 hatch run metrics:generate
```

If you need to add a metric type or a new scale, edit `generate_metrics.py`
(specifically the `DD_VALUE_TYPES` mapping and the `generate_queries`
function). The script then writes the JSON.

## Metrics declared in source but not emitted at runtime

Some `system.metrics` entries are declared in ClickHouse's source but only
emitted once their subsystem is first used (for example the bcrypt cache), so a
fresh server never reports them and the `at_least=1` test assertion fails. List
their `metric_name()` in the `NEVER_REQUIRED` set in `generate_metrics.py` to

> demote them from required to optional, then regenerate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some `system.metrics` entries are declared in ClickHouse's source but only
emitted after their subsystem is used for the first time (for example, the bcrypt cache). Until then, a
new server does not report these metrics and the `at_least=1` test assertion fails. To demote the metrics from required to optional, list
their `metric_name()` in the `NEVER_REQUIRED` setting in `generate_metrics.py`, and then regenerate.
```

> To find them against a running server, set `DIFF_VERSION` to a version from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find these metrics against a running server, set `DIFF_VERSION` to a version from the
```
